[SOUNDLESS]
(ALTERNATIVE METAL MUSIC)
♪ WELL, I REMEMBER IT AS
THOUGH IT WERE A MEAL AGO ♪
♪ SAID TOMMY THE CAT AS HE
REELED BACK TO CLEAR
WHATEVER FOREIGN MATTER ♪
♪ MAY HAVE NESTLED ITS WAY
INTO HIS MIGHTY THROAT ♪
♪ MANY A FAT ALLEY RAT HAD MET
ITS DEMISE WHILE STARING POINT
BLACK ♪
DOWN THE CAVERNOUS BARREL OF
THIS AWESOME PROWLING MACHINE ♪
♪ TRULY A WONDER OF NATURE,
THIS URBAN PREDATOR ♪
♪ TOMMY THE CAT HAD
MANY A STORY TO TELL ♪
♪ BUT IT WAS A RARE OCCASION,
SUCH AS THIS, THAT HE DID ♪
♪♪♪
♪ SHE CAME SLIDIN' OUT
DOWN THE ALLEYWAY ♪
♪ LIKE BUTTER DRIPPIN'
OFF A HOT BISCUIT ♪
♪ THE AROMA, THE MEAN SCENT,
WAS ENOUGH TO AROUSE SUSPICION ♪
♪ IN EVEN THE OLDEST OF THE
TIGERS THAT HUNG AROUND THE
HOT SPOT, IN THOSE DAYS ♪
♪ THE SIGHT WAS BEYOND BELIEF ♪
♪ MANY A HEAD SNAPPED
DOUBLE, EVEN TRIPLE TAKES ♪
♪ AS THIS VIVACIOUS
FELINE MADE HER WAY ♪
♪ INTO THE DELTA
OF THE ALLEYWAY ♪
♪ WHERE THE MOST VIRILE YOUNG
TABBIES WERE KNOWN TO HANG OUT ♪
♪ THEY HUNG OUT IN DROVES ♪
♪ SUCH A MULTITUDE
OF MASCULINITY ♪
♪ COULD ONLY BE FOUND IN ONE
PLACE AND THAT WAS O'MALLEY'S
ALLEY ♪
♪♪♪
♪ THE AIR WAS THICK WITH
CAT CALLS, NO PUN INTENDED ♪
♪ BUT NOT EVEN A MUSCLE
IN HER NECK DID TWITCH ♪
♪ AS SHE SAUNTERED STRAIGHT
INTO THE HEART OF THE ALLEYWAY ♪
♪ SHE KNEW WHAT SHE WANTED ♪
♪ SHE WAS LOOKING
FOR THAT STUD BULL ♪
FOR THAT THE CAT ♪
♪ AND THAT WAS ME ♪
♪ TOMMY THE CAT IS MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I SAY UNTO THEE ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪
(ALTERNATIVE METAL BREAKDOWN)
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA LAY DOWN
WITH ME? SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA LAY DOWN
WITH ME? SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪
♪ SAY BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
LAY DOWN BY MY SIDE? ♪
♪ AH BABY, DO YOU WANNA
LAY DOWN WITH ME? ♪
♪ SAY BABY, SAY BABY ♪